Fork ThemeProvider related code into react-internal to prep react-theme-provider for convergence-only purpose (#16698)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-internal/src/utilities/ThemeProvider/README.md

```tsx
import { Theme, ThemeContext } from '@fluentui/react';

class Content extends React.Component {
  public render() {
    return (
      <ThemeContext.Consumer>
        {(theme: Theme | undefined) => {
          ...
        }}
      </ThemeContext.Consumer>
    );
  }
}

export const App = () => (
  <ThemeProvider>
    <Content />
  </ThemeProvider>
);
```

### Create classes for React components based on theme

Theme can be accessed using the `makeStyles` hook. This hook abstracts rendering css given the theme object:

```jsx
import { makeStyles } from '@fluentui/react';

const useFooStyles = makeStyles(theme => ({
  root: {
    background: theme.semanticColors.bodyBackground,
    ':hover': {
      background: theme.semanticColors.bodyBackgroundHovered,
    },
  },
}));

const Foo = props => {
  const classes = useFooStyles();

  return <div className={classes.root} />;
};
```

## How does this change other existing ways of theming Fluent UI components?

### Customizer

`Customizer` is now deprecated and you should replace it with `ThemeProvider`.
`CustomizerContext` is now deprecated and you should replace it with `ThemeContext` or `useTheme` hook.

> Deprecations remain to be functional as is but they will be removed in Fluent UI v9 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecations will remain functional as is in Fluent UI v8 but will be removed during the Fluent UI v9 release.
```
